(Yugi)
Previously on "Yu-Gi-Oh!"
All five of you will share
Tristan's body
in a duel against Seto's
strongest rival, Yugi Muto.
Defeat him and you'll
get five bodies.
(Yugi)
Look, guys, up there!
(Téa)
Tristan!
That's not Tristan,
remember?
It's Nezbitt.
Even though we kicked his
butt in that duel
he still took Tristan's body.
I'm not alone in here.
Today's special
is...
five for one!
Our combined force
will destroy you.
Tell us what we have to do
to get Tristan back.
Duel us.
Win and he's yours.
Five on one's uneven,
so count me in!
(Kaiba)
Yugi and his friends can
deal with The Big Five.
I've got bigger problems!
The first thing I have to do
is find Mokuba.
Then I'll show Noah that
no one disrespects my family
and gets away with it.
♪
♪ Your move, your move ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh!
is King of Games ♪
It's time to duel!
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh! ♪
(Johnson)
When you two lose this duel,
you and your friends will be
sentenced to an eternity
in this digital dungeon.
(Joey)
You're the one
who's going down, Johnson.
I beat you once
and I'll beat you again!
(Yugi)
Yes, but now we're up
against all five of them!
That's right,
I'm not alone in here.
Now then...
(Serenity)
I can't believe The Big Five are
all in Tristan's body!
Those business geeks
are sharing me
like I'm a Corporate Condo.
(Johnson)
My first maneuver should seem
familiar to you, Joseph.
The move's called
"Clear the Courtroom."
It's Judge Man's
Deck Master ability.
Oh no, not this move!
Oh, yes!
First I'll give up
1,000 of my Life Points.
Proceed, Your Honor.
Prosecute all of their monsters
to the full extent of the law.
All four of our
monsters are gone now.
But that's not
all I've done.
What?
Have your forgotten
already, Joseph?
Next, you'll both lose
500 Life Points
for each monster
that I've crushed.
♪
(Kaiba)
This doesn't make any sense.
It's a virtual copy of the Duel
Monsters Theme Park I designed!
There's no way Noah could
have known about this.
The blueprints for
Kaiba Land are top-secret
and construction isn't scheduled
to begin for another four years.
But it's all right here,
every detail.
They even included my
backstage security system.
(woman)
Checkmate, checkmate.
Access to restricted
area granted.
Maybe I'll get some
answers in here.
(Tristan)
If they keep this up,
I'll never get my body back!
(Serenity)
Don't worry, Tristan.
Yugi and my brother
are gonna win this!
Now that I've cleared the field
of all of your monsters...
it's time to work
on your Life Points.
I call Hysteric Angel
to the stand!
And now...
I think our spectators
are really going to
enjoy this next move.
Huh?
Especially that little
monkey-boy up there.
(Tristan shrieking)
Time to put this body
to good use!
Now, Hysteric Angel,
attack Joseph's
Life Points directly!
♪
Well, now I remember why
I love you lawyers so much.
If you loved that one,
just wait 'til
my next move.
Angel, use my Catapult
Turtle's special ability
to launch yourself
at the defendant,
Mr. Joseph Wheeler!
Joey!
Are you
all right?
That jerk.
Joey's Life Points
are almost gone!
Come on, get up, man!
Are you sure you're
all right, Joey?
I've been better.
Tell me, Joseph, are you
beginning to understand
my dueling strategy
or do you need a hint?
I plan to destroy
the weaker link first.
Then I'll concentrate on Yugi.
Is this the part where
I'm supposed to be scared?
You're just mad 'cause I wiped
the courtroom floor with you
in our last duel, Johnson!
Ha, don't flatter
yourself.
I place one card face-down.
And then I play the magic card,
Altar of Mist!
(Yugi)
Oh, no!
Thanks to that card's effect,
after three turns,
Johnson will be able to
play any ritual magic card
in his entire deck!
That will allow him to
automatically summon
a really powerful
monster to the field!
The prosecution rests.
Good, about time.
Now...
All right!
This'll help!
I summon
Rocket Warrior!
(Joey)
This little guy packs
a pretty strong punch,
but I'm gonna boost
his strength even more
with my Deck Master's
special ability!
After all, Flame Swordsman
came in really handy
last time I laid
a hurting on Johnson.
Now, here comes a move
that you might remember!
Thanks to my Swordsman's
special ability,
I'll take 1,000
of his Attack Points
and transfer them
to my warrior.
And now, Rocket Warrior,
attack his
Catapult Turtle!
I activate
Revenge Sacrifice!
No!
This card
allows me to sacrifice
the monster you just
attacked me with.
So consider your
Rocket Warrior dismissed.
And I'll use it to summon
a new monster.
(laughing)
So please welcome to
the stand Machine King!
♪
This mechanical
menace gains
an additional
100 Attack Points
for every machine monster
in play,
including itself.
The decision is
unanimous!
You two don't
stand a chance!
All right, Yuge.
Finish this guy!
I'll try.
(Yugi)
All right, I need
to play Des Volstgalph,
but in order to
summon it to the field,
I need to sacrifice another
monster first.
And I have no other monsters!
Not yet, anyway!
It's my move,
so here goes!
This is just what I needed!
It's the Rock Spirit
monster card!
But in order to use it,
I first have to take a monster
out of my graveyard
and remove it from the game.
I was forced to send
Buster Blader
to the graveyard before,
so I guess I'll take
him out of play.
First I'll remove my
Buster Blader from the game
in order to summon
The Rock Spirit!
But I'm afraid
that's not all, Johnson!
I'll sacrifice my spirit
to summon this!
Des Volstgalph!
♪
(Joey)
What, is he serious?
And now I'll place
a card face-down
and end my turn.
Hmm?
Johnson's on to
Yugi's trap.
That move
was too obvious!
(clearing throat)
It'll never work!
Don't you think Joey's
acting kinda weird?
I think maybe a bumble bee
flew down his pants.
No, he's trying to warn
Yugi about something.
What?
Huh?
See, Yugi played
a weaker monster.
Then he put a card
face-down,
which is a really
predictable move.
(gasping)
He wants Johnson
to attack him.
Really?
That doesn't sound like
something Yugi would do.
Yugi!
Out of the way,
Johnson.
It's time for a real
duelist to take charge.
I'm still on
this case!
So back off, Nezbitt.
Quiet.
(Nezbitt)
It's about time
that I stepped in
to rewire this duel.
I am Nezbitt.
Now meet my Deck Master,
the unstoppable
android Robotic Knight.
It's him!
He's the one
who did this to Tristan.
(shrieking)
Prepare to lose.
That fool Yugi
has played a monster
weaker than my Machine King
and a face-down card.
It appears
he has constructed
quite an amateur trap,
and I think he knows
I'm on to him.
You look
a bit nervous.
(Joey)
Nezbitt knows his plan!
Yugi may as well be wearing
a sign that says
"I set a trap,
so attack me!"
First thing I'll do
is rid the field
of your face-down card.
So sorry,
but take this!
Heavy Storm!
It destroys all your magic
and trap cards on the field.
Mirror Force was
your face-down card.
That's right.
My plan was to reflect
the attack of Machine King
right back at you, Nezbitt.
Come on, Yuge!
That's the oldest
trick in the Duel Book!
It was worth a try.
Worth a try?
There's too much
at stake here
to try a lame
move like that, Yuge.
All right, kid,
it's time to
dismantle you.
Go, Machine King!
Attack now!
Don't do it,
Nezbitt!
Disassemble his
Des Volstgalph!
Thank you!
What?
Looks like you fell for
my real trap, Nezbitt!
What trap?
You have no more
trap cards left in play!
You're obviously
unaware of
Des Volstgalph's
special abilities
so allow me to explain.
When you played your
magic card,
you increased my monster's
attack strength by 200 points,
giving it a total
of 2,400!
And now,
Des Volstgalph, attack!
Lucky break, kid.
And my monster
has one more effect.
When it destroys your
monster,
you lose 500
Life Points, Nezbitt.
I'm not impressed.
500 points is nothing.
I still have plenty
of Life Points left.
You fool.
Think!
Don't you realize what he
just forced you to do?
What?
Hey, I get it.
Get what, Duke?
See, Yugi just tricked
Nezbitt into attacking him
instead of attacking Joey.
You mean 'cause Joey is
down to 300 Life Points?
So Joey would have
lost the duel.
That's right.
Without any monsters on
the field to protect him
Joey would have been
crushed by Machine King!
So that's why Yugi set
such an obvious trap!
Nezbitt was
sidetracked,
so he forgot Joey!
(Serenity)
Nice one, Yugi!
Way to protect Joey!
Your acting was key.
That made it
convincing!
Eh?
Ah, so Joey knew!
He was
playing along!
Well, I'm impressed.
He managed to
fool me!
Good acting, Joey!
(shrieking)
Way to fake 'em out, Joey!
Uh, yeah, that was no sweat
at all for me, Serenity.
(nervous laughing)
(Joey)
That was close.
If it weren't for Yugi,
I'd be a goner for sure.
That won't work again!
(Leichter)
It certainly won't,
because I'm about to step in
and take charge of this body.
Once I eliminate
Mr. Wheeler,
crushing Yugi will be simple.
All right, you corporate
creep-a-zoid.
You're outta luck, pal.
'Cause other than that
walking junkyard
you call a Deck Master,
it looks to me like
you're out of monsters,
leaving your Life Points
wide open.
Here goes!
(Joey)
Aw, yeah,
Panther Warrior, baby!
Wait, he can't attack
unless I sacrifice
another monster first.
And I'm fresh out!
Maybe dueling every member of
The Big Five at the same time
wasn't such a great idea.
'Cause if we lose,
they'll get all our bodies!
I summon Panther Warrior
in defense mode!
I'm not gonna let these
business buttheads
get to my Life Points.
Now I'll wrap things up by
placing this
little number face-down.
It's all you, Yuge.
Right.
And I know
what I need to do.
I'm sorry, Tristan,
but I must
attack directly.
Do what you
gotta do, Yugi!
Just don't mess up
the hair!
It's gonna be fine,
Tristan.
Now, Des Volstgalph!
Attack his Life Points
directly!
♪
Now, I'll summon
Big Shield Gardna
in defense mode!
That's all for now,
Nezbitt.
(Leichter)
I'm not Nezbitt any more,
you fool!
(Kaiba)
Looks like Noah didn't
have enough imagination
to fill this place
with anything.
(gasping)
It's another one of that
twerp's virtual doorways.
If I had to guess,
I'd say it leads to
more images from my past.
What's this?
A cheap old
movie projector?
Get with the times, Noah.
(young Noah)
I betcha can't catch me, Dad!
(giggling)
It's Noah!
Nice outfit, dork.
How sad.
That little twerp is still
trying to convince me
that he's Gozaburo Kaiba's son.
I'm afraid
it'll take more
than a few fake home movies
to do that.
What's this?
(woman)
How can this
have happened?
(Gozaburo)
Don't worry,
Noah can still be saved.
I'll find a way.
But how?
There's nothing
I can't do.
What is all this
supposed to mean?
That Noah was in some
sort of an accident?
(Noah)
It's time you learned
the truth, Seto!
If these images are real,
then that would mean that
something devastating
happened to Noah right before
Gozaburo adopted me and Mokuba.
But why would Noah
want me to know
all of this
information about his past?
Unless someone else
is behind all this.
All right.
Say goodbye to Nezbitt
and his pathetic robot!
I'm Leichter, and I'll be
controlling this body
for the remainder
of the duel!
Whatever, less talking,
more dueling!
Fine, I'll draw.
Not quite!
You triggered my trap.
Sorry, Leichter,
meet Drop Off.
My card sends the card you
just drew to the graveyard!
Guess again.
Hmm?
No way!
What gives?
How'd you
destroy my trap card?
(laughing)
Haven't you
noticed the monster
I've chosen to be my
Deck Master?
(Joey)
It's Jinzo!
My trap cards
are useless!
That's right,
he'll automatically
destroy every one of them.
Now I play the magic card,
Pot Of Greed
allowing me to
draw two more cards.
Excellent.
Ha, you just played
a magic card which triggers
my Volstgalph's special
ability!
So it gains
200 attack points!
Now is that so?
He won't be around for
much longer, anyway.
For I summon
my Fairy Lily!
Ha!
Looks like she's only got
400 Attack Points, Leichter.
Looks can be
deceiving, Joey.
I give up
2,000 Life Points
to increase her power!
Lily, destroy
his Des Volstgalph!
That maneuver cost you more
Life Points
than it cost me.
Not exactly!
'Cause I'm about
to restore mine
with my
Sebek's Blessing magic card!
What's the deal
with that card?
It increases Leichter's
Life Points
by the same number of
Life Points I just lost.
Exactly.
And if my math
is correct,
that gives me
1,000 more Life Points!
And finally I'll place
one card face-down.
Soon we'll claim
four more of your bodies
leaving your minds
trapped here!
Yuge, we gotta do
something and fast!
Get ready, boys...
to give up your
bodies that is!
I just activated
Gravity Bind,
which stops all monsters
with four or more
stars from attacking.
That includes everything
except my Fairy Lily!
That's a trap,
and your Jinzo's
supposed to destroy
all trap cards
on the field!
That's usually true.
But since Jinzo's
my Deck Master
he only destroys
my opponents' traps.
Oh, yeah?
Now...
(Joey)
Awesome.
This body-snatching bozo's
about to get a taste
of his own medicine
'cause I got
a Jinzo, too!
I sacrificed Panther Warrior
so I can summon this!
My own Jinzo!
(roaring)
Your Jinzo
may not cooperate,
but mine definitely
will!
All right, Jinzo!
Destroy his trap!
(roaring)
Oh, yeah!
Celebrating so soon?
Yeah, why?
You may have
destroyed my trap card,
but my Fairy Lily is still
the strongest monster
on the field, Mr. Wheeler.
Once I power her up again,
she'll wipe out your Jinzo
and your Life Points!
Joey, Leichter is right!
Her special ability allows him
to raise her Attack Points
higher than any other
monster on the field!
Oh, yeah.
But then again...
Attack Points aren't
everything, are they, Joey?
(Joey)
Wait a sec.
Yugi's trying to tell me
something.
There is a way to
crush this guy's monster
before it crushes me.
Even though Leichter can raise
his fairy's attack points,
her defense points
stay pretty low.
I play Block Attack!
This magic card
switches your fairy
from attack to
defense mode.
You can't!
I just did.
Jinzo, do us all
a favor
and send his little monster
back to fairyland, will you?
Cyber Energy Shock Attack!
(screaming)
Well, that's all
from me, Leichter.
Now, back to you,
Yuge.
Pound this poser!
Right.
Time to take you down!
And I have just the card
to do it in my hand.
Come forth,
Dark Magician Girl!
Your Life Points
are wide open!
Dark Magician Girl,
attack him directly!
He just lost
2,000 Life Points!
It's your move.
The time has arrived,
my young friends,
to reap the benefits
of my magic card!
Say what, man?
Wait, he's right!
It's been three turns since
he played Altar of Mist.
Now he can summon
almost any monster he wants!
You are correct!
(laughing)
What's so funny,
Leichter?
(laughing maniacally)
That's getting
real annoying.
If you were me,
you'd laugh too!
(grunting)
For in my hands
I hold The Big Five's
most powerful creature!
Say goodbye
to your bodies!
(laughing maniacally)